okay so this is like this is like a huge
fucking glitch here look there's a
dragon flying directly above me I don't
want to move because I don't want to
interrupt it but you hear him growling
like he's right beside of me but he's
glitched flying in the air doing flips
I've already shot at him for half as
help mallu this I'm just shooting arrows
straight in the sky some of them are
missing because he's glitching look at
him someone were hitting I'm seriously
gonna kill this dragon without hardly
any effort taking no damage because it's
glitched what the fuck it is now you
went away all of a sudden what the hell
well they completely disappeared now
there he is what the hell
is it over
he left what the hell is that about okay
huh
here comes back look he's going straight
back up towards the sky what the fuck
whoa what the hell's going on
I'm not hitting him just not bringing
them up whoa what the hell's going on Oh
God
stop moving asshole
well whatever it was fun while acid but
took down half his helpin he was just
sitting there whoa now his health all
the way back up that's really fucking
glitchy ok so this dragon apparently was
flying up in the air like this really
fucking glitchy and I hit it for like
half a tail and to come down maybe the
glitch was over apparently and all the
suddens help with all the way back up so
I don't know what the fuck just happened
but I just killed dragon and I'm getting
off her so goodbye